Let's talk about exception handling. A combination of Spring and Spring Boot
provides multiple options to customize responses for errors.
We've seen that a RESTful API can communicate the success or
failure of an HTTP request by returning the correct status
code in the response to the client.
For exception handling,
we use the ResponseStatusException. ResponseStatusException is a
programmatic alternative to the @ResponseStatus annotation and
is the base class for exceptions used for applying a status code
to an HTTP response.
We simply create an instance of it by providing an
HttpStatus and optionally a reason and a cause.
This approach provides more control over exception handling as
the exceptions can be created programmatically. Spring Boot
provides a default error mapping, returning a JSON response with the HttpStatus and the exception message.